[narr]
In the previous episode,
Nankatsu must defeat
Hanawa in order to qualify.
With a tie, Nankatsu
would be eliminated
from the tournament.
In the first half,
thanks to their excellent
coordination,
Tsubasa and Taro
scored a goal,
but in the second half,
things started to change.
The Tachibana twins
surprised everyone
with a spectacular
triangle shot
that tied the match,
but during the play,
Koji Nishiio
suffered an injury.
[ann] Change of players
from the Nankatsu team.
Number 3,
Koji Nishio is out...
Replacing him is
- Number 14, Ryo Ishizaki.
-[laughs]
-Ryo!
We're counting on you, Ryo!
Listen up.
This is what coach said!
We can't move on to
the second round
if we finish with a tie.
Because of that, the coach
wants Tsubasa and Taro
to play offense again,
you got it?!
[chuckle]
Taro, let's score
the second goal.
-We can do it!
-Yeah!
Good, twins! If you keep
shooting like that,
we will definitely win!
-Of course!
All you guys need to do
is protect the net!
-[cheering]
-Tsubasa, you're the best!
-[ann] Hanawa tie the match
-Guys, you have to win
- and put pressure
-this game!
- on Nankatsu.
-Come on, Tachibana twins!
- The special shot
-Come on, Hanawa!
- from the Tachibana twins
-You got this!
took everyone by surprise!
This is the final match!
The winning team
will qualify
to take on
the strongest opponents.
And it's time for kick-off!
[whistle]
[ann] It looks like
Nankatsu has decided
to change their formation.
Now they're on offense.
Tsubasa and Taro
have returned to the front,
and are willing to face
the Tachibana twins.
-Tsubasa and Taro...
-Yeah, they changed!
They're playing
on offense now!
Listen to me, you guys,
we can not let them
get close to our goal!
-Yes!
[ann] The Golden duo
of Nankatsu
must get by
Hanawa's defense.
Will they be able to
evade everyone there?
It seems Hanawa's defense
won't give up so easily.
However this match ends,
only one team will qualify
for the next round
in the in the tournament!
[narr]
Episode 17:
Last 4 Minutes!
Decisive Battle in the Air.
[Genzo]
I basically don't feel
any more pain in my foot.
Maybe I can play in
at least one match.
-[Mr. Mikami] Genzo!
-Huh?
Hanawa just tied the match.
What? But how?
They were playing so well.
The Tachibana twins
scored the goal.
[ann] Tsubasa Ozora
dribbles the ball
toward the net.
-Stop him!
-Will do!
[gasps]
[ann] Tsubasa Ozora
makes his way through
two Hanawa defenders
and takes a shot!
[grunt]
[ann] But the ball is
miraculously deflected
by Kota Aizawa!
[grunts]
[Takuya]
It's yours, twins!
-Yeah!
[ann] The Tachibana twins
have possession of the ball,
and they are seeking
to break the tie!
[Mr. Mikami] As of now,
these twin brothers
have proven to be
a very dangerous duo, Genzo.
We weren't prepared
for them.
You know what to do, Kazuo.
That's right!
-Ah!
-They wanna try?
[gasps] The same trick
as before!
We can't let them!
[ann] Nankatsu run
after Masao Tachibana
to stop him!
Hah!
Masashi, it's yours!
[pants]
[ann] But he passes it
to Matsumoto!
[gasps]
[ann] Now he's heading
straight toward the net!
-What?
Ah...
Twins, this is your chance!
Go!
[ann] Matsumoto
kicks a long ball.
Both brothers run to
a different corner!
[yelling]
[ann]
Oh, incredible!
The Tachibana twins launch
themselves from the posts,
and now, they're suspended
in mid-air!
What are they doing?
They jumped at
the same time!
What are they doing?
[Yuzo] They're both taking
a shot again?!
[yell]
[ann]
Kazuo fakes
and Masao fires the ball
from the air!
The ball is heading
straight towards the net!
[yells]
[ann] But the shot is
rejected with a great save
- by the Nankatsu goalkeeper!
-No way!
That's how it's done, Yuzo!
[ann] Ryo Ishizaki runs
back to recover the ball.
Good, Ryo!
Just get it out of the box!
Yeah!
-[gasp]
-Ryo!
-Ah!
[ann] But Ishizaki
kicks the ball poorly!
Oh goodness,
ladies and gentlemen!
Team Nankatsu just scored
a goal on themselves!
[gasps]
Yeah!
That was good luck, brother!
That dummy gave us a goal!
[sighs]
[chuckle]
Idiots.
It's their fault for
letting that idiot play.
It looks like my plan
worked after all.
You're useless, Ishizaki!
Is that why you wanted
to play, idiot?!
I... I'm really sorry.
[sighs]
[Mamoru] You know that
we can't lose this match,
or else we're eliminated!
-It's all your fault!
-Enough, guys!
-Huh?
Taro...
Please, guys,
I'm begging you.
Let's not fight each other.
I didn't want to tell you...
but this could be
the last time that...
that I play with you guys.
-Huh?
Really, Taro?
It's true.
Please, guys, don't fight.
You're serious?
But...
So, then...
you're leaving again?
To another school?
Yes.
-[gasps]
-But...
The truth is, I feel happy
to have attended
Nankatsu elementary...
and to have played with you
in the National Tournament.
I'd never played
in it before.
That's why I want to win
the tournament...
and say goodbye with
a big smile.
You're unbelievable.
Huh?
Oh...
[chuckle]
Well, you all heard Taro,
right?
Now more than ever,
we must win!
We have to do it for him!
Yeah, you're right.
-Mhm.
-For Taro!
-We can still do this!
-Yeah!
[Teppei]
We will win for Taro!
[Masao] We'll give it
everything we got to win!
We will not give up!
[chuckle]
Yuzo!
Here!
All right, guys!
Let's go win!
-Yeah!
You guys can do it!
-Don't give up!
-Cheer up, Ryo!
Ryo...
-Huh?
-Come on, don't worry!
Okay...
Thank you.
Hah! They're stupid!
They don't see that
the match is ours!
[ann] That error may
cost Nankatsu the match!
They will not advance
with a tie!
Now they must score
at least two goals to win!
It won't be an easy task
for Nankatsu!
We will see what happens
in the remaining minutes
of the match!
[whistle]
[ann]
They initiate their attack.
There's no time to think!
They must score
two goals quickly!
Okay!
Let's go score a goal!
-Yes, Captain!
Please, Tsubasa,
you have to win.
Win so I can face you
on the pitch!
[narr] So now,
Nankatsu have finally
put all their players
on the offense.
Aizawa, stop them now!
Yes! Leave this to me!
[narr] However,
Hanawa's defense
is much stronger
than they thought.
[grunting]
Tsubasa!
[gasps]
[ann] Hanawa
intercepts the pass
- intended for Tsubasa!
-[grunts]
Hajime Taki
recovers the ball,
but Sho Oizumi won't
let him advance!
- They're elbow to elbow!
-[grunts]
[ann]
Matsumoto slides
and kicks the ball
out of the box.
Good offense by Nankatsu,
but unfortunately,
it's not enough to beat
Hanawa's defense,
which is suffocating them!
[growl]
What are they doing?!
[panting]
No!
This is all my fault!
[ann] Nankatsu will
have the throw-in.
-Here, Hanji!
-Uh...
Ah...
Huh?
-Huh?
-Uhh...
Here!
[ann] Hajime Taki
gets the ball,
and prepares to center
the ball.
[Hajime]
Ah!
[ann] The Hanawa defenders
are all marked on Tsubasa,
so he can't pass him
the ball!
He must look for
an open teammate!
No way!
We saw the match you guys
played against Meiwa,
so now we know what
you guys will do!
Yeah, just give up already!
Now what should I do?
I can't pass the ball
to him!
Uh...
-Hajime!
-Huh?
I'm open!
[ann] Hajime Taki
launches a long pass
to Teppei!
I was Shutetsu's
leading goalscorer!
And now, you will see why!
[ann]
Teppei shoots...
[grunt]
[ann] ...but goalkeeper
Kobayashi stops the shot!
Great save, Ippei!
Why? No!
That's rude, goalie!
What are you guys
waiting for?!
Score a goal already!
Come on, Hanawa!
[ann] Five minutes remaining
til the end of the match,
and Team Nankatsu hasn't
been able to do anything!
It looks like Hanawa
will qualify for
the next round!
[chuckles]
This is where
it stops, guys.
[ann] Hanawa's defense
is famous for stopping
the opponent's offense.
- They keep their heads cool
-[growl]
and defend their goal
with precision.
[growl]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
can't even get close.
- What's gonna happen now?
-[groans]
Mamoru!
-[grunts] Huh?!
-[grunts] It's mine!
No way!
[ann]
Nankatsu is desperate
and is starting
to crumble.
Hanawa now possess
the ball!
Here it goes!
[ann] The ball is heads
directly toward
the Tachibana twins.
If Nankatsu let
another goal in...
there will be no hope
for them
- to come back.
-[gasps]
Perfect, they'll finished
after this!
[yelling]
-Wait, what?!
[ann]
An unexpected play!
Defender Ryo Ishizaki
intercepts the pass!
-Go for it, Ryo!
-Well done, Ryo!
That's it, Ryo!
[ann] Ishizaki
rushes ahead on offense!
[Ryo] It's my fault that
Hanawa is winning!
My teammates
have done everything
to get to this point!
I'll make sure their efforts
weren't in vain!
[Taro]
Go, Ryo.
[Ryo] We have to win
this game for Taro!
Then I can forgive myself!
Here goes!
[ann] Ishizaki
takes a shot on goal!
That's it.
[ann] Ah! The shot is
heading directly toward
- the goalie's hands!
-[gasps]
[grunt]
[ann] Wow, incredible!
Misaki jumps and
deflects Ishizaki's shot
to the corner of the net!
Goal!
Nankatsu has scored
in the last four minutes
of the match
- in spectacular fashion,
-[gasps]
and the score is now tied!
Nankatsu keeps their hopes
- alive to advance
-[laughs]
to the second round!
Yes! We tied the game!
-Great job, Ryo!
-You did it!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back!
[cheering]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
has tied the match!
Thank you!
Thank you, Taro!
-[laughs]
-[ann] Taro Misaki
- made an excellent play
-Yay!
- to deflect a shot
-Good job,
- from Ryo Ishizaki!
-Nankatsu!
[laughs]
[ann] Just when it seemed
the ball would go directly
into the goalie's hands,
- Taro Misaki redirects
-Great goal!
the kick into the net!
And of course,
it was all thanks to
a brilliant interception
by Ryo Ishizaki!
A beautiful play
by Nankatsu's number 14!
[Genzo]
Great job, Ryo.
Your determination is
worthy of admiration.
Good work.
Good, only more goal!
We can do it, you guys!
-Yeah!
Yeah, that's the spirit,
Ryo!
Don't forget it!
It's not over
until it's over!
Keep it up!
-[chuckle]
-We can do it!
We can do it.
[ann] Now there are
four minutes left
for Nankatsu
to break the tie.
The clock is running!
Will they score in time?
If the tie remains,
Hanawa will automatically
qualify to play
in the next round!
Kazuo, we can't let them
score another goal!
Keep it up, guys!
-[ann] Which team will
-Keep going, guys!
- the goddess of Victory
-Get another one!
- smile down upon?!
-Come on, Hanawa!
- This match is about to
- reach its climax!
-Come on, Hanawa!
[Kojiro] You better not
let me down, Hanawa.
You must defend,
no matter what happens.
Uh...
Just one more goal...
Please, just one more,
Tsubasa.
You can do it.
Hmm...
[whistle]
We must win at any cost!
So let's do it with a goal!
[ann] The Tachibana twins
run toward Nankatsu's goal.
I want no one
getting distracted!
Go get the ball!
-Yeah!
[growl]
Ah!
[ann]
With the score tied,
Nankatsu won't let
the Tachibana twins
get close to take
their special shot
from the air!
It's mine!
[growl]
Masao!
[grunt]
Huh?
[gasps]
Uh...
[ann] Masao Tachibana
is surrounded by
- Taki and Izawa!
-Kazuo!
[grunts]
[pants]
[ann] The Tachibana twins
are being pressured,
- but they still maintain
-Masao!
- possession of the ball!
-[grunt]
-Let's get the ball, Hajime!
-It's ours!
Ah! Hmm...
-[grunt]
-Ah!
[ann]
Impressive!
Masao Tachibana makes
two defenders look silly!
Good job, Masao!
-Oh, shoot! Let's go!
-Uh, yeah!
[ann] The Tachibana twins
enter into enemy territory!
[Taro] I'm going to
take control of the ball...
no matter what it takes!
[ann] Izawa and Taki are on
Masao Tachibana's heels!
-[yelling]
-Ah!
Kazuo!
[grunt]
Now!
[ann] Oh, the pass
is intercepted by Misaki.
He was able to
anticipate Hanawa's pass!
-No way!
That's a great play, Taro!
Good.
Now it's my turn.
[ann] Nankatsu now has
control of the ball
and are heading toward
Hanawa's goal!
If they score again,
we'll be doomed!
Concentrate, you guys,
we have to stop them!
Yeah!
[ann] Nankatsu's offense
against Hanawa's defense!
The result of
this showdown
will decide
who will qualify!
Go!
[ann] Taro Misaki
takes a shot on goal!
[grunts]
[ann] But a defender
deflects it out of bounds
- for a corner.
-Huh?
A corner kick
for Nankatsu.
[ann]
All of Hanawa's players
are in the box
on defense,
except for
the Tachibana twins.
This presents a problem
for Nankatsu.
Will they be able to
beat Hanawa's defense
and score
the game-winning goal?
There are only three
frantic minutes left
on the clock!
[groans]
-[gasp] Hurry up, Hajime!
-Mhm.
Okay!
[ann] And the ball
is in the air!
- This is one of Nankatsu's
-Mine!
- last chances!
-[grunt]
Hanawa's goalkeeper
punches the ball away
before it gets to
Mamoru Izawa!
Good, Ippei!
[gasps]
[ann] But the ball bounces
directly to Tsubasa!
Now's the time!
[ann] The goalie's
still on the ground,
- and is now standing up.
-Huh?
Tsubasa Ozora lines up
to shoot and...
[grunts]
-[grunt]
-Huh?!
[ann] But the shot
is stopped
by Masao Tachibana!
[chuckle]
[ann] He... He stopped
the shot with his stomach!
-Come on, Hanawa!
-Yeah!
-[chuckle]
-[ann] The Tachibana twins
don't normally play
on defense,
but this time, they're
protecting their goal.
Ha! I'll protect my goal,
even if it takes my life!
Now that you guys are here,
our defense is perfect!
-Relax, we'll handle it!
[ann] The Tachibana twins
have joined their teammates
and now, all Hanawa players
are playing defense!
[ann]
Now Hanawa has
a virtually unbreakable
defensive wall!
Nine players are
protecting their goal,
including the goalie!
It will be impossible
for Nankatsu to score!
Ugh...
[ann] It's now
the twentieth minute
of the second half,
and the referee is adding
one minute stoppage time.
This is the last chance!
Tsubasa, Taro,
you can do it!
It's now or never!
Nankatsu!
[chuckle]
Hah, one minute is nothing!
Just give up already!
You know you guys have
no chance now!
[grunts]
Against this defense,
there's no way to attack
the goal straight on.
No. I won't let my time
with this team
end like this!
[Tsubasa] I won't let you
leave this team
defeated, Taro.
I'm the captain of Nankatsu!
I'm responsible for
all my teammates!
Taro, let's go!
Huh?
I got it!
-[grunts]
-[ann] Taro Misaki flips
and passes the ball
to Tsubasa Ozora,
and it looks like
he has a plan!
What excitement,
ladies and gentlemen!
Masao, don't tell me
what they're about to do!
[grunting]
[ann] He...
He's airborne!
Tsubasa Ozora
tries to imtate
the Tachibana twins'
famous shot!
- This is unprecedented!
-Ah!
Tsubasa is suspended
in the air!
[yelling]
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
takes a overhead kick shot
- and goal!
-[grunt]
- Nankatsu has scored
- their third goal!
-[cheering]
-Bravo, Captain!
-[laugh]
I can't believe it!
We won, Taro!
-Uh...
[chuckle]
-[whistle]
-Huh?
[ann] Game over,
ladies and gentlemen!
The scoreboard shows
a remarkable
three to two victory!
The winner today
is Nankatsu,
representing
the Shizuoka Prefecture!
-Ugh...
-[ann] And now,
Team Nankatsu has qualified
and placed
- as the second best team,
-Yeah!
- after Team Meiwa.
-[laugh]
-We're moving on!
Good job, Nankatsu!
Yeah!
I know you could do it!
You gave them a dose of
their own medicine.
[Ryo]
Good job!
Thanks a lot, Tsubasa.
I'll keep playing
with you guys
until the tournament
finishes.
-[ann] With today's victory,
-[sigh]
- Team Nankatsu qualify
-Perfect. It was stressful,
- for the next round!
-but they did it.
Bravo, Tsubasa, you did it!
Now we'll face each other
on the pitch,
just like I wanted.
[Kojiro] I can't believe
they pulled out the win!
Oh, this is great!
Tsubasa and the boys
actually won!
Huh?
Where did he go?
But why?
[sobs]
I can't believe we got
knocked out!
Kazuo, we all gave
our best effort!
You should be proud
of yourself!
Yes, you're right!
-Thank you very much
-for your support.
You played well, Hanawa!
Hey, listen, Tsubasa.
We want you guys to win
the tournament.
Yes.
[Roberto]
A great player...
is always set on
taking a shot
that his opponents take.
Tsubasa, I'll never forget
the day you copied
my overhead kick shot.
[Roberto] What I've been
able to teach you...
is nothing in comparison
to the progress you've made
on your own.
I hate to admit, but...
I don't think
there's anything else
I can teach you.
[narr] The classification
stage of the tournament
has concluded.
The sixteen teams
that qualified are now set
and randomly placed
in the bracket
for the next matches
of the national tournament.
So, you're going to
change schools again?
Yes.
Once I finish this semester,
I will study at
another place, guys.
What a shame.
Huh?
In that case,
we'll make sure that we win
the tournament together.
That'd be incredible!
Just relax, Taro,
we will take care
of everything!
We'll win for you,
my friend.
We'll do it, Taro!
Huh?
Guys, thank you so much!
[Hikaru]
Hey, Taro!
Huh?
[Taro]
They're from Furano!
I came to tell you that
you played stupendously,
Taro.
And, looking at the bracket
for the matches...
we don't play each other,
unless we both make it
to the final.
Ah!
Yeah, that's right!
Make sure to win
your next match,
so we can play
against you guys.
Of course we will!
You can count on that!
That'd be great!
I would love to!
Thanks to football,
I've been able to make
many friends.
-You think we can both
-You played really well.
-make it to the final?
-I hope to face you
-Yes, if we can both win.
-very soon.
Captain, it's almost time
for our meeting.
Ah, I'd forgotten
about that.
We'll see you later, Taro.
Okay.
-[grunt] Huh?
-Sorry...
-Idiot!
[grunts]
Captain!
Watch where
you're going, kid!
Kojiro, no!
[growl]
-What's your problem, idiot?
-[grunt]
Don't fight him, Hikaru!
-But he just...
-Misaki!
This is
none of your business!
Just worry about
not playing like this joker!
What?
If not,
it'll be more humiliating
when we beat you!
What did you say?
-You idiot!
-That's enough!
Settle your differences
on the pitch!
-[grunt]
Tsubasa, they...
-Huh?
Wise words from a captain.
Don't you think
it'd be a pity
if you got injured?
Who would play?
Jun Misugi.
Hey, hey,
what's happening here?!
What's all the noise about?
Hey, I know that guy!
He's from the Naniwa.
That's Nakanishi,
he's the goalie!
Prepare yourselves!
And believe me,
like it or not...
your next match is
against us!
But...don't worry,
I'll be very gentle!
[chuckles]
[growling]
We'll play much
stronger teams.
Are you ready?
Yes, and I can't wait
any longer to play.
Now...
let's play!
Let's pour all our soul
into it!